Report!

The webpage was created in 1920*1080px and all measurements are set in relative length-units in the css. All pages are responsive 
and there are 2 breakpoints. the first one between 800px and 415px is a shared value to cover the Mozilla Firefox´s developer-tool specs 
of Kindle and iPad. Both looks good in portrait-mode with som tweaks and Kindle looks ok in landscape-mode but require a bit of scrolling sideways.
iPad-landscape however doesn´t work with the page and since it wasn´t required I didn´t spent more time to fix it. The second breakpoint 
is set at 414px to cover all DevTools specs of phones and looks good enough in portrait mode in all of the available devices, also here the 
landscape-mode has been overseen for the same reason as mentioned above.
    when minimizing the content is programmed to end up in a single row instead and the pictures, fonts and icons are displayed in a smaller 
version. The background is a smaller version set to repeat.
Since I didn´t want a "hamburger-menu" I just moved the navbar to the center and the text was centered. The "header" which showed your 
current location within the page is set to dissapear with display: none.

Regarding SEO, relevant keywords has been added in the meta content and appear in the heading and title when suitable. There are 
several pictures and they all come with alt-descriptions, these in Swedish since majority of customers will likely be using this language.
All internal links got short and precise names that describes the content of the target and all pages are linked to popular social-media 
webpage through icons in the footer. All pages on the site are responsive and customized to be mobile-friendly and will because of this 
not be punished by search-engines.

Responsive webdesign means that the webpage will adapt its content to the browser-window or the users current display. 
Needless to say, this is important since almost every device got its own resolution and display-size. More particularly approximately
8.48 billion unique ones out there according to Inside Design ( https://www.invisionapp.com/inside-design/examples-responsive-web-design/ ) 
and you want as many as possible to be able to have a positive impression of and ability to use your website.

Almost exclusively every single visitor to your webpage found you through a search-engines own index whereof Google´s is the most
advanced one. Without them people would have to know and memorize several dozen specific set of characters to get to any specific webpage. 
The "Googlebot" is a piece of software that automatically and constantly crawls the internet through links to map its content to their 
index. This index is what you actually use when you "search" for something on the internet.
    But the Googlebot doesn´t only map the internet, it also evaluate and grade the content and syntax of every page and reward the best 
built and most relevant pages with high exposure by displaying them early in the list of results you get back from your search. 
If you link, or even better get linked ("backlinked") from an to Google approved and trusted source of information you might end up really
high in the list. 
    Worth mentioning is that this may also be achieved by buying this service from them (this is called ads).
If you want to find out more you can read about it here: https://www.adsight.se/seo/.
 
You might also have heard of "Off site SEO". This regards to the way of making people find your site that you cannot directly influence
by your own coding skills, or rather ability to meet the search-engines criteria. 
"Backlink" is commonly one of these and probably the most important one... at least cost-free. Influential people referring/mentioning your
site also counts as "Off site SEO". Other ways might be to etc. start marketing your place in other media.